// Zombie shotgun
texture ZSHFA0 NoTrim
texture ZSHFB0 NoTrim
texture ZSHGA0 NoTrim
// Slayer's Kahuna
texture SKSFA0 NoTrim
texture SKSFB0 NoTrim
texture SKSGA0 NoTrim
// Super Shotgun
//texture SSGFA0 NoTrim
//texture SSGFB0 NoTrim
//texture SSGFC0 NoTrim
//texture SSGFD0 NoTrim
//texture SSGFE0 NoTrim
//texture SSGFF0 NoTrim
//texture SSGGA0 NoTrim
// Rocket Launcher
texture RKTFA0 NoTrim
texture RKTFB0 NoTrim
texture RKTFC0 NoTrim
texture RKTFD0 NoTrim
texture RKTFE0 NoTrim
// Plasma Rifle
texture PLSFA0 NoTrim
texture PLSFB0 NoTrim
texture PLSFC0 NoTrim

Texture ACIHUDFX
    pic ACIHUDFX tics 2
    pic ACIHUDF2 tics 2
    pic ACIHUDF3 tics 2
    pic ACIHUDF4 tics 2
    pic ACIHUDF5 tics 2
	pic ACIHUDF6 tics 2
    pic ACIHUDF7 tics 2
    
   